[docs] add note about mtls certgen cronjob (#6484)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/security/tls/mtls/_index.md

Cert rotation can be done by updating the gloo-mtls-certs secret. The SDS sidecar will
automatically pick up the change.

> Automatic cert rotation can be enabled via a CronJob by setting the Helm value `gateway.certGenJob.cron.enabled=true` at install time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to automatically rotate certs based on a schedule, you can enable a cert rotation CronJob. In your Helm values file for Gloo Edge installation, set `gateway.certGenJob.cron.enabled` to `true`, and specify a rotation schedule:
```
